hey guys so I'm just coming here today
to show you the two things that i got
from adore me and if you guys don't know
adore me is like a subscription um
lingerie or a lounge where um sleep wear
whatever they have like sleep wear
swimwear pennies frost and things of
that nature lingerie and stuff like that
on their site and you can get it monthly
um for 39 99 or 3995 in a month or you
can do pay as you go so here's the box
that it comes in which is super cute um
and then it has this little design on it
which says adore me and in this like
little nuts just so cute teen and then
it comes wrapped in this little tissue
paper um and then it has an enormous
sticker on it so I got two things and I
just wanted to show you I think I'm
adore me is perfect for you if you are
wanting to build your like lingerie
collection or you want to just get them
every month like and keep it sexy for
you or your partner or you just want to
have cute loungewear or sleep where you
can also get underwear there they have
really cute um panties and bras and
stuff so I think it's just a perfect
company for the girl to girl and someone
who is trying to spice so they always
come wrapped and like this little
plastic as well to keep it safe and I
got two things from them this time I
will have two more pause for you guys
from the Lord of our stand out which is
a robe and it is a kimono style rope and
the name of this on their site is caught
can you guys won't be able to get the
full picture of it um when just like me
showing you guys here cuz I'm not trying
this stuff on but i will try to insert
pictures from their website in the video
so I just got the black one this is the
rope and it has like the lone like the
big wide sleeve which i think is super
cute I did get a size large and the
material of this army stuff always feels
so nice and this is like such great
quality that's why I really really love
this company and I will continue to buy
from them so this even has like a little
pockets on the side which is really cute
and it has both in and Clojure like the
in rope tie then also has one on the
outside the normal rope you can also get
your first um your first set or purchase
for I think it's 24 or something I will
leave all the information down below in
the description box and kevin is I got
it this is the last time i got this time
for this go-round um i got this cute
little sleeper lingerie set and it's
basically like a baby doll type of look
and this one is called Susan and it's
like this pastel pink color or she
seashell pink and it's super cute i love
it um it doesn't have any wiring in it I
got a size medium this time because i
have purchased a large and i felt that
it was a bit too big for me they also
have plus sizes which is amazing I don't
know we're deciding what size they go up
to but I think it's great that they
include all sizes of the spectrum which
is great so yeah it's just a cute little
sleeper dress / lingerie and it also
comes with a matching panty and it just
comes with a little bummed like this and
I think it's so cute and I just love
this like oh my gosh I will sleep in
this home alone by myself because I just
love it but like I said I think this
website is great for you if you want to
spice up your own life and look good for
yourself or also if you have a partner
husband wife whatever you have boyfriend
or girlfriend I think it would be
perfect for you um so yeah
so that's all I have to show you this
time but I will have another haul video
or show you some more pieces from them
next month and the month after that so I
hope you guys enjoyed I will leave all
the links down below for adore me into
the links of the stuff that i got and
anything else you need to know hook down
below so like i said i hope you guys
check them out and i hope you guys
enjoyed this quick little video please
give this video a thumbs up it helps me
tremendously like what's promotion and
things of that nature also please
subscribe if you have not already and
yeah that's it so I'll see you guys in
my next video bye